adding install docs given new workflow (#101)
BCDA-APS/BITS: docs/source/guides/sessions.rst

.. _sessions:

Starting Data Acquisition Sessions
========

Bluesky Data Acquisition sessions can be conducted in various formats, including
Python scripts, IPython consoles, Jupyter notebooks, and the bluesky
queueserver.

IPython console
----

An IPython console session provides direct interaction with the
various parts of the bluesky (and other Python) packages and tools.

Start the console session with the environment with your bluesky installation.

.. code-block:: bash

    ipython

Jupyter Notebook
----

> There are several methods to running a notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to run a notebook.
```

Good opportunity to provide an external reference.

Reviewer: Add a reference.  I will resolve conversations that I start.
